CS 2200 Spring 2021
Project 4

Name: Anthony Wong
GT Username: awong307

Problem 1C (FCFS Scheduler)
----------
1 CPU: 67.9s
2 CPUs: 40.3s
4 CPUs: 38.0s

There is not a linear relationship. This is because, if we keep increasing the number avaliable CPUs, at some point the bottleneck
for execution time won't be wait time anymore but instead the actual runtime of the processes. At 4 CPUs, there is very little total
wait time meaning that most of the time, if a process needs a CPU it will get one immediately. Adding more CPUs can not decrease the
time it takes to run a process.

Problem 2B (Round-Robin)
----------
800ms: 318.9s
600ms: 302.5s
400ms: 291.7s
200ms: 280.6s

There is a relationship between timeslice and wait time. As the timeslice gets shorter, wait time decreases. In a real OS, the shortest
timeslice possible is not usually the best choice because of context-switching overhead, which is the time taken to swap a new process
in to be run by the CPU. As we choose shorter and shorter timeslices, we begin to spend a larger proportion of our execution time
swapping processes and incurring the time penalties from overhead. At some point we spend less time doing real work and more time swapping.
This is also called thrashing.

Problem 3B (Round-Robin)
----------
To mitigate starvation in a priority scheduler, operating systems can implement a system where processes that have waited for a long time
gradually get their priority raised. At some point if its been waiting for a long enough, its priority will get raised high enough such
that it gets chosen.

Problem 4 (The Priority Inversion Problem)
---------
One way to make sure P1 can finish it’s execution before any of the medium priority processes is for each a process to keep track of the
processes that depend on it and also to check if any of those processes are in the queue. If a process has processes in the queue that
depend upon it, and one of those processes has a priority that is higher than it, then the "parent" process can have its priority raised
to the max of its "children". This way we won't starve the "parent" process because its priority has been raised and we also won't starve
high priority processes that depend on it. In this case specifically, the window manager will notice that P1 is a high priority process 
that depends on it and that it wants to assert itself. Then, the window manager will have its priority raised to the level of P1. This
means that the window manager will run before the medium priority processes and P1 will not be starved.
